Now is the time for all people to come to the aid of their
party. Now is the time for all good people to come to the 
aid of their party. Now is the time for many good people to
come to the aid of their party. Now is the time for all 
good people to come to the aid of their party. Now is the 
time for a lot of good people to come to the aid of their 
party. Now is the time for all of the good people to come
Now is the time for all people to come to the aid of their
party. Now is the time for all good people to come to the 
aid of their party. Now is the time for many good people to
come to the aid of their party. Now is the time for all 
good people to come to the aid of their party. Now is the 
time for a lot of good people to come to the aid of their 
party. Now is the time for all of the good people to come
Now is the time for all people to come to the aid of their
party. Now is the time for all good people to come to the 
aid of their party. Now is the time for many good people to
come to the aid of their party. Now is the time for all 
good people to come to the aid of their party. Now is the 
time for a lot of good people to come to the aid of their 
party. Now is the time for all of the good people to come
Now is the time for all people to come to the aid of their
party. Now is the time for all good people to come to the 
aid of their party. Now is the time for many good people to
come to the aid of their party. Now is the time for all 
good people to come to the aid of their party. Now is the 
time for a lot of good people to come to the aid of their 
party. Now is the time for all of the good people to come
Now is the time for all people to come to the aid of their
party. Now is the time for all good people to come to the 
aid of their party. Now is the time for many good people to
come to the aid of their party. Now is the time for all 
good people to come to the aid of their party. Now is the 
time for a lot of good people to come to the aid of their 
party. Now is the time for all of the good people to come
Now is the time for all people to come to the aid of their
party. Now is the time for all good people to come to the 
aid of their party. Now is the time for many good people to
come to the aid of their party. Now is the time for all 
good people to come to the aid of their party. Now is the 
time for a lot of good people to come to the aid of their 
party. Now is the time for all of the good people to come
to the aid of their party. Now is the time for all good 
people to come to the aid of their party. Now is the time 
for each good person to come to the aid of their party. 
Now is the time for all good people to come to the aid of 
their party. Now is the time for all good Republicans to 
come to the aid of their party. Now is the time for all good 
people to come to the aid of their party. Now is the time 
for many or all good people to come to the aid of their 
party. Now is the time for all good people to come to the 
aid of their party. Now is the time for all good Democrats 
to come to the aid of their party. Now is the time for all 
people to come to the aid of their party. Now is the time 
for all good people to come to the aid of their party. Now 
is the time for many good people to come to the aid of their
party. Now is the time for all good people to come to the 
aid of their party. Now is the time for a lot of good 
people to come to the aid of their party. Now is the time 
for all of the good people to come to the aid of their 
party. Now is the time for all good people to come to the 
aid of their attack at dawn party. Now is the time for each
person to come to the aid of their party. Now is the time 
for all good people to come to the aid of their party. Now
is the time for all good Republicans to come to the aid 
of their party. Now is the time for all good people to
come to the aid of their party. Now is the time for many 
or all good people to come to the aid of their party. 
Now is the time for all good people to come to the aid of
their party. Now is the time for all good Democrats to 
come to the aid of their party.